What is up guys it won't come back.
So now in this video we will be working up a web page we're going to design this whole page ourselves.
OK.
So first of all what we have to do is that we have to keep this page as a reference open.
I'm just going bring it right here.
And then here I want to bring a new page that will be to add new page and this will be the test home
or like a draft home she can make it pretty well.
OK.
I'm just going to go with I'm going to hit test a home ok here.
I want to go ahead and I want to publish this.
OK.
And then I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit.
Use to be builder to make sure we check this out.
OK.
On clicking this
let's just click here and you can see that I am right here.
OK.
I want to go ahead and I'm going to hit used visual builder or I can just choose anything.
I'm just going to go hey I'm going to hit settings right now.
And first of all I need to just go read the section about Chrome color.
OK.
So I need to grab this color.
I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to choose the color picture and I'm going to choose this color.
OK so this will be my section background color and then I'm going to go here and I'm going to paste
it right here.
OK.
This is on.
And I'm going to save.
Let's go ahead and let it update.
Ellis didn't choose to use visual builder.
OK.
So you see that are about Krown Filby does.
So let's just go ahead and let it use visual builder.
Dale this is Don go.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hate use visual builder and now you can see that it is redirecting
us to there and then we can design this our whole page
OK.
You can see that we have the whole section background color is set to this.
So first of all what we need is that we need a call to action.
OK.
So we have to see what is used hidden here.
OK but on if you look if you just you can think about this and we have a hole to call them right here.
And then we have the background.
OK sorry I'm just going to come here and you can see that we have a rule here.
I'm just going to go ahead.
This is zero here.
OK.
This is the row here.
I'm going to select two column row.
So this is set to two columns right now and first thing we have is this right here.
OK this is the bouchal they have text we have text and then we have a button.
OK.
So let's see if I am right.
Yes this is exactly same.
I'm just going to go ahead.
I need first text ok.
Text.
This is going to be the headings so I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to add that bu shot.
OK.
And I want to make it the heading.
So you can see this is now set to heading and then I want one more text so I'm going to click here and
I'm going to add one more text and this is going to be delirium of some conduct that we have.
I'm going to copy this first I just copy this from space so you can see this right here.
And then we have the burden.
So I'm just going to come here I'm going to click here.
And I am just going to search for Britain right here.
So this is the burden right now.
I'm going to click here.
And the burden text is going to be shot now.
OK.
I want the links to link is going to be a hash so that this is the normal thing.
You can align it to your shop if you want to.
Unless it's a line into our shop.
So if someone clicks your He'll be redirected to our shop and then he will be redirected to our product
page so you can see that is out.
This is looking right now.
Now we have to design this so how I'm going to design this.
I'm just going to come here and I want the background image.
So I'm just going to select the background image and it's going to come here.
I'm going to select the background image the background image that I want right now is going to be
this image.
OK.
Or.
OK let's see which I mean they have chosen so that they're using the image with scissor.
I think this is one.
I think this is the one.
So I'm just going to upload it and you can see this is the image that is coming this is coming.
Totally cool.
I'm just going to go down and I'm going to select it to be like covered.
So this is now set to cover.
OK let's see how it is looking.
OK.
It is looking like this.
OK we can this just make it much much more bigger if you want to.
OK.
But first what we have to do is that we need to come here and we need to just change the size of this
roll.
So when I go to design I'm going to go to alignment the sizing and I want to make this real custom it
I'm just going to increase that bit of this a bit.
So let's see how much of it they have.
So I think they have used
Ok I should be more.
I think this much is fine.
This is totally cool.
Stamp is coming right here.
OK.
This is going a very much bigger so I'm going to change it.
I'm going to make it a little bit more smaller so I'm just going to change it to be tell here OK this
looks cool.
Now what I wanted to do now.
OK.
I want to add the background color here and the background image here is that it looks much better.
So I'm just going to share.
First of all make it the size the same size of this so what I'm going to do I am going to just come
here to this text.
OK.
I'm going to selected and I'm going to change the color of this lesson colors to be the brown.
So I'm going to change that color.
I'm going to make it like here OK.
And I want to just work with the settings right now first.
Let's come here let's just at it.
Let's just go to this design and let's just go to text the title text.
This one OK.
And now what I have to do I have to just slide into center and I want to just increase the size of this.
This is set to the bouchal.
OK.
I need some spacing to the top So what I'm going to do right now I am just going to the spacing and
I'm going to go to the margins so I need to give the margin to the 25 pixel 25 because it is not cool.
I'm going to align 50 pixel
they have given some more so I'm just going to add more I am going to give on like hundred pixels
150 150 is totally OK.
All this used to be 120.
OK 120 looks cool.
Now what I want it looks totally cool.
OK.
What I have to do I have to just work that this sticks right now.
So this text is of black color.
OK.
I'm just going to come here.
This black color I want to change the color of this.
I just first of all this text is said to justified.
So I'm just going to go to the text I'm going to align this to
just if I create all this the line is descender.
So let's make it's just divide.
OK this is we have.
And now here I have to change the text colors and Technicolor is going to be black.
I want to give some padding to the left so
OK.
Let's just come here and let's just give some betting to the list.
This much I think now it looks cool.
OK.
I have to just wait for the button right now.
And the burden text design is going to be brown.
So I'm going to go to the bird and right now and I need the use custom styles for button.
So we don't want to burden the icon because if you just hold your mouse you can see no icon is right
here.
So no icon should be here.
And I want the bird done next color.
The background color so the background color is going to be brown yellow
brown too.
I am not just exactly copying the color.
Let's just come here and let's copy the colors so this is right here.
I'm just going to go from here and I'm going to paste it.
So let's select and paste.
I haven't copied the exact color
ok copy copy to clipboard come here and paste.
OK this is right now and then I want the text colors the text color is going to be white cool.
I wanted the borders so waterbed is going to be nothing red there's no water right here.
Now it looks cool.
OK.
We have this right here so we can change it to be like
let's come here to content let's get here to text and this should be Shop now.
OK.
I want to go ahead to design right now and I want to go to the button and I want to do is it increases
or decreases.
Is it OK.
Let's go down.
And we have the button letters spacing so I'm going to increase this a bit and just make it to normal.
So let's just make it model OK.
We have the British foreign.
I'm going to choose the open zens
open sands.
OK I have this right now.
So now I can see everything looks pretty cool right now.
OK.
Here I want to just now applying this to senders So I want to go here on TO GO TO alignment and I want
Atlantis to her.
She can see disagree here.
So this is how this is coming.
I just want to give some padding to the down below.
So let's just bring this down.
Hope it looks fine.
Yes.
Now the main part starts.
OK.
And that is we want to just give some styling that that this.
OK so what I want to do right now I want to just come here I'm going to go to Bactrim and then the column
one which is this I want to give some columns so I want to click here and I want to just give a color
right here so the color can be anything
OK we have to work on it later on.
OK.
The color that we have is that we need to copy it.
So let's just come here and paste it so we have got the color copied and I'm going to come here and
I'm going to paste that color.
So I just said this is here.
OK.
What I have to do now I want to just come here and I wanted to create it from here and I don't want
to decrease it from here as well.
Let's give him here and let's decrease it from here as well so you can see everything is decreased from
here.
OK.
Now I have to design this so how I will design.
I will just give him here to speccing and I want to give the margin.
And from the left side I want to give some padding so great.
OK this is right.
This is like this is right.
OK.
I want to give some padding to the left side to less let's say 25 only this is being aligned OK.
This is changing the whole text so I just want to just work that this whole column that we have
let's just come here and what we want to do is that we need to give some padding to the top so padding
is totally OK from here.
I want to give some padding from the Burton side to I'm going to go down to the design of the burden
and I want to go to spacing.
OK.
And then in this spacing I need to give some board them spacing so Bartrum spacing is going to be like
55 pixels.
You can see this is increasing.
If I just give it to be like 155 this is now increased.
OK.
So you can see how this has changed what I want right now.
I want to just work for this layout right now.
OK.
I'm going to come here.
I a click here and this is going to be let's just come here.
Sorry.
I want to come here and I want to design this roll.
So I want to go T-Bag trone and I want to just come here and that column to background color is going
to be a different one which is this one.
OK.
And when you upload the image so you can see this image is right here this image color is totally different
I think.
Yes this image color is different.
So I just want to grab the image that color is not like this so I want the image that color is
this one I think
yes this is the one.
OK.
Now what I have to do I have to just come here to the design rate here.
I want to go to the sizing.
So in the sizing I have to just come here to use custom that are red and change it to one so you can
see this is now mixed OK.
You can see how it is looking.
So this is the design that is coming.
I want to change the image right now.
But first I want to click here to the macro and I want to come here and the image is going to be the
actual size
and it should be the left.
So bottom left centered left center left so you can see how this is looking OK.
This is how this image is looking.
This image is basically for Speeding's so I have to change the rebidding option as well.
OK.
Repeat.
It should be said to Notebaert.
Now let's see.
You can see we have this effect right here.
OK.
That is coming but this is a.
This is the.
Also showing some background.
I don't know we have chosen the wrong image I think we haven't chosen the right image.
That is exactly the same.
Let's come here and let's see if we.
Yes we have chosen the wrong image.
Let's just delete it.
Let's just come here and let's choose the right image.
So this is that I mean I think most probably yes.
OK.
Take one is that I think I could.
This is confusing.
I'm going to click here and you can see this is the image I think.
Yes OK.
So you can see this is the effect that we have given right now.
And this is going to come here to this text size.
And I want to come here to the design.
I want to decrease the video of this so that this makes this comes in the center.
So this is coming in the center right now.
OK.
I want to give some spacing to the top and the boredom Semoga come here to the design.
And I want to go to speccing and I want to give some margin to the top so 10 pixels from the top and
10 pixels from the bottom so you can see pretty well.
We have now copied this whole thing.
The bouchal.
OK.
We haven't copied this whole charade here that Taizz and DiFonzo let's just copy the française.
What is the fun text.
This is set to default.
No OK let's me.
Let me just come here.
Let me just align this to left right center.
I want to just break it a bit.
I want to change the font to a it to be easy.
Advento.
OK so I'm not just copying it exactly but I'm just showing you that how can we design it so you can
see that we have designed this header pretty Vell OK I'm just going to go read the next function right
now and that is this right here.
So this is called the blurb.
These are the blurb right here.
And we have four columns.
Hope so.
Yes.
I'm going to come here.
I'm just going to click here and I need a regular row and that will be for real.
So we have this I need blurb so blurb is here and I want to just come here and click here.
So the title is going to be free shipping.
OK.
I want to come here I want to add free shipping OK.
And the content is going to be orders on orders over 99
dollar 99.
OK here I want to go with icons so icons should be use icon and I need a truck truck.
Basket.
So
OK I know we will take some time just to look at this because I'm getting a professional web site.
It's kind of like a hard thing.
OK.
I can see it.
I don't know what has happened to me.
Yes this is the one.
Finally this is right here.
So you can see this is exactly the same.
OK.
I have to style it.
I have to just come here.
I have to go to design right now.
I mean it just an icon icon cologne should be set to Brown.
So and I'm just going to copy this color.
So let's just select the color picker and let's paste.
OK.
I want to come here and I want to beat it.
Let's just bring it here.
And I want the text to be aligned to center so you can see how this is looking.
This is exactly saying OK they have choose they are choosing different font.
I don't know which form they're choosing but at least the
OK ladies is trained to be
this one.
OK.
Call here you can see this is how we have right now and it's going to come here.
I'm going to duplicate duplicate duplicate.
So we have three more.
I'm just going to drag it and drop a tray here.
I'm going to drag it and or betray here and I'm going to drag it in drop it right here.
So I don't have to just change the icon I just wanted to show you that how the section was created.
OK.
Now we have this.
So this I already showed you guys that how we have how they have created.
OK.
Now choose one single column or a here and then they have in the one column.
OK if I just come here you can see if I just get two bags from then the column one background is set
to this.
OK.
And in that column they have this blurb icon.
OK this is the blurb.
OK.
And the popular product is the title and then the image is an icon the icon is set to this.
OK if you go down here you can see this is icon.
And then they have the burden right here.
OK this is said to view all and the designing is set to on like you can see everything.
Is this like this and burden Bartter is nothing.
So this is all the designing is made.
OK.
And then we go down and we have this.
This is exactly the same as we designed the header.
OK.
So this is exactly the same.
Then we go down this is the shop you guys already know about the shop module and this is the slider
module.
This is the thing that we have to work right now.
Let me just explain it to you so you can see that we have to call them right here if I just come here
to this disrobe you can see that we have two columns.
OK.
And then we have some Gunter's spacing here.
If he could just come here to this setting right now and you can see in the background we have the column
and background he said to this and the column about Chrome.
I said this.
OK.
And then we have we can also choose the parallax effect so if he go down you can see that this image
is moving.
But I don't want to give you I don't want to confuse you more so he can see the image just set to cover
and in the center and note Zapruder said as I'm sorry.
OK.
Now we go down to design then you can see that the spacing sorry the sizing and this Isen they have
chosen the custom to read.
And that is set to do if I just said to one you can see this is now just matching each and everything
and this is the box.
So I just want it to be like two.
All right you can also choose it to be like for some more spacing but I just want it to be two and you
can see how this is.
So we have the whole effect here.
We have this this is a line to left this everything is aligned to left here and it looks pretty well.
This is also exactly the same as this.
Instead they have used a color here and they have used an image here.
So I think that you are getting it now.
And here they have used MailChimp here.
Get news about sales but index subtribe.
OK.
And this and the Bactrim and feel success icon and everything.
So we will be working up with this later on so do not worry guys.
OK.
The MailChimp as the provider and they have also given the API.
So we will be working on this later on.
I'll show you how can you just very good at API to MailChimp and receive substantia e-mail to subscriber
so you can see that.
Now we're totally done with this we guys now know how to build professional based online shops.
OK.
And you guys should be proud of this seriously guys and no one can design this type of apps.
Seriously guys seriously guys trust me no one can design this type of say these type of Upsetter really
professional biz and now you guys have to do this.
This is so amazing.
So let's just go to the shop module and see how amazing it looks.
And mean can see how created this looking.
So now we're totally done with our Web site.
OK.
I didn't think so if we have to learn more about this.
So in the next video you will be learning that how can we build a forum how can we build a social networking
site like Facebook and then we'll learn how to build a home based booking website.
There would be bookings and some stuff so that would be so much fun.
So stadium guys for that.
And good.